IN THE COURT OF THE V ADDL. PRINCIPAL JUDGE FAMILY COURT, AT BANGALORE


M.C.No.2613/2010
BETWEEN:

Dr. T.V. Sreenivas                                                ..             PETITIONER
  
AND:

Smt. S.G. Gayathri                                               ..           RESPONDENT



	MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT UNDER SECTION 89 OF THE CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE READ WITH RULES 24 AND 25 OF THE KARNATAKA CIVIL PROCEDURE (MEDIATION) RULES, 2005.


	The parties above named beg to submit as follows:


	I. The petitioner has filed this petition under Section 13-1(i-a) and (i-b) of the Hindu Marriage Act, for dissolution of his marriage with the respondent performed on 19.03.1984 at Bangalore, by a decree of divorce, among other reliefs.  The aforesaid Petition was referred to mediation for resolving the dispute between the parties.  During the course of mediation, they have resolved their dispute and have agreed to the following terms and conditions:

(i) Both the parties are Hindus by Religion and their marriage was performed on 19.03.1984 at Ananda Kalyana Mantapa, V.V. Puram, Bangalore, as per Hindu Rites and Customs and they have one son Mr.Akshya Thippur aged about 27 years and he is pursuing his P. Hd at Sweden. 
 
(ii) Due to irreconcilable differences and incompatibility between them, both the petitioner and the respondent started living separately since five years. Both the parties state that it is not possible for them to rejoin at this stage and stay together to make the marital relationship fruitful.  The efforts made by their elders, well-wishers and relatives to reunite them and to bring them under one roof as husband and wife to lead a marital life did not yield any fruitful result.   Even during the course of mediation, despite best efforts, both the parties have not been able to reconcile their differences.   And both of them are agreebale for dissolving their marriage by a decree of divorce.  .


(iii) The petitioner and respondent admit and agree that the a site measuring 110 ft x 60 ft at Survey No. 114/2, Khata No. 749/458 at Kodigehalli village, Yelahanka Hobli, Bangalore is registgered in exclusive name of the respondent  and that the petitioner has filed a suit in OS No151 of 2010 on the file of I Addiitonal Principal Judge, Family Court at Bangalore for declaration and partion of this property and this suit is pending consieration.

(iv)  Both the parties admit and agree that that the flat bearing No.T-1, 3rd Main, Srivara Krishna Apartments, V.V.Mohalla, Mysore and likewise, another Flat bearing No.31, Sri. Krishna Apartments, Margosa Road, Malleswaram, Bangalore, stands in the name of the petitioner herein.  


(v) In view of the settlement arrived at between the parties, they are desirous of amicably resolving the pending disputes and have agreed to exchange the immovable properties  interse  Accordingly, the petitioner has agreed to transger the immovable property standing in his name i.e., the Flat bearing No.T-1, 3rd Main, Srivara Krishna Apartments, V.V. Mohalla, Mysore in favour of the respondent Smt. S.G. Gayathri, by transferring all his rights, title and interest in respect of the said property in her favour, free from all encumbrances, by way of a registered settlement deed and to put the respondent in absolute and exclusive possession and enjoyment of the same subject to the tenancy issue

(vi) The petitioner has leased the apartment in favour of tenants and he has on this date handed over a letter of attornment of tenancy of this apartment in favour of the respondent and he has also handed over a DD bearing No …………dated… drawn on …………….in favor of ….)  for a sum or Rs. 1,80,000/- ( one lakh eighty thousand only) which was taken as security deposit from the tenant ( as per agreement with them dated …  and the respondent undetakes to hand over the security deposit to the tenant on the tenants handing over vacant possession of the apartment to her afer completion of the lease period as per the lease agreement dated 15th May 2013

(vii) Similarly the respondent has agreed and undertakes to transfer  the immovable property standing in her name i.e., vacant site measuring 110 ft. x 60 ft. at Survey No. 114/2, Khata No. 749/458 at Kodigehalli village, Yelahanka Hobli, Bangalore in favour of the petitioner Dr. T.V. Sreenivas and their son Shri. Akshya Thippur, by transferring all her rights, title and interest in respect of the said site  in their favour, free from encumbrance, by way of a settlement deed  and to put the petitioner and Shri. Akshaya Thippur in joint possesion and enjoyment of the same

 
(viii) The respondent hereby confirms that the petitioner is the absolute owner of the Flat bearing No.31, Sri. Krishna Apartments, Margosa Road, Malleswaram, Bangalore and further states that she has no manner of right title or interest over the said flat.  

(ix) The petitioner and respondent hereby admit and agree to co-operate and execute the aforesaid settlement deed in Bangalore immediatley after signing this agreement and before appearing before the Family Court for recording the settlement

(x) It is further admit and agreed between the parties that after the execution of the settlement deed /s the petitoner along with their son Mr. Akshaya Thippur and the petitioner would become the absolute owners in exclusive possession and enjoyment of their respective property and that they are at liberty to change the khatha and other municipal records to their names. 

(xi) The petitoner and respondent undertake that they would not interfere or cause any disturbance to each other’s possession and enjoyment of respective properties after the execution of the settlement deeds. 

(xii) The petitioner hereby agrees that he is in possession of all the original documents-of-title in respect of the aforesaid flat at Mysore, flat at Bangalore and respondent’s vacant site in Bangalore as mentioned at clause (vii). The petitioner has agreed to hand over all the original papers/documents in respect of the flat situated at Mysore, including the lease agreement. Tax paid receipts and encumberance to the respondent herein before the Hon’ble Family Court at the time of the Hon’ble Family Court passing an order in terms of this agreement.  

(xiii) The petitioner has also agreed to pay a sum of Rs.10,00,000/- (Rupees Ten Lakhs only) by way of Demand Draft dated………..bearing No………………..drawn on …..Bank in favour of the respondent towards full and final settlement of  permanent alimony and the same shall be handed over to the respondent before the Hon’ble Family Court at the time of passing the orders in terms of the agreement. 


(xiv) In view of the settlement/agreement arrived at between them, the respondent has agreed unconditionally withdraw all the pending cases aganst the petitioner, including O.S.No.20/2010 pending on the file of the Hon’ble Family Court at Mysore , if it is not already closed and  Crl.Misc.No.8/2011 pending on the file of the Metropolitan Magistrate Traffic Court-V Court, Bangalore.

(xv) In view of this settlement the  petitioner has also agreed to produce a copy of this settlement/agreement in the suit filed by him against the respondent herein, in O.S.No.151/2010 pending on the file of the I Additional  Principal Judge, Family Court at Bangalore and to withdraw/close the same, unconditionally

(xvi) Both the parties hereby agree and undertake to withdraw all the allegations not only in the above petition (M.C.No.2613/2010) but also in the connected Suits/Petitions/ pending before the Courts of Law/any other forum.

(xvii) Both the parties further agree to co-operate with each other in getting the aforesaid Criminal proceedings as well as the Suits including the pending cases closed immediately.


(xviii) Both the parties hereby agree and undertake that they will neither interfere with each other’s lives nor cause any harm to the reputation of each other, in future in any manner whatsoever.

(xix)  The petitioner and respondent admit that they have agreed to  for a decree of divorce and for settling their properties  as afore mentioned on their own free will and volition and without any coercion, threat or undue influence agree with each other to get their marriage dissolved by a decree of divorce


(II) In view of the aforesaid agreement/settlement entered into between them, both the petitioner and the respondent pray that the Hon’ble Court be pleased to dissolve their marriage performed on 19.03.1984 at Ananda Kalyana Mantapa, V.V. Puram, Bangalore, by granting a decree of divorce in terms of the above agreement  

(III) Parties have agreed to appear before the Hon’ble Court on 11-12-2013) for reporting settlement and for passing orders/decree, in terms of the above said agreement/settlement.        




PETITIONER			                                          RESPONDENT
                                                                                          


Advocate for                                                                    Advocate for                                                               
Petitioner                                                                         Respondent                                                                                                                                      


VERIFICATION


	We, the parties above named do hereby solemnly state and declare that what is contained in paragraphs I to III are true to the best of our knowledge, information and belief.


Place:  Bangalore                                                        PETITIONER
Dated: 11.12.2013                                                                                          

             

                                                                     RESPONDENT